Add custom groups tutorial to Config's docs (#4416)
Cog-Creators/Red-DiscordBot: docs/framework_config.rst

.. code-block:: python

>     from redbot.core import Config
>     from redbot.core import commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    from redbot.core import Config, commands
```

Author: This was intentionally left as two lines because shortly after there is an explanation of Config that goes line by line. Leaving it as two lines made the explanation easier to understand.

See line 49/50 : https://github.com/Cog-Creators/Red-DiscordBot/pull/4416/files#diff-249132a9932c4d5c2a61eceab315ecb1R50

For the remainder of the document where it is not explaining imports, the suggested format should be used.

This usage guide will cover the following features:

- :py:meth:`Config.init_custom`
- :py:meth:`Config.register_custom`
- :py:meth:`Config.custom`
- :py:meth:`Group.get_raw`
- :py:meth:`Group.set_raw`
- :py:meth:`Group.clear_raw`

Custom Groups
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> While Config has built in groups for the common discord objects,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While Config has built-in groups for the common discord objects,
```

sometimes you need a combination of these or your own defined grouping.
Config handles this by allowing you to define custom groups.

Let's start by showing how :py:meth:`Config.custom` can be equivalent to :py:meth:`Config.guild` by modifying the above
Tutorial example.

.. code-block:: python

    from redbot.core import Config, commands

    class MyCog(commands.Cog):
        def __init__(self):
            self.config = Config.get_conf(self, identifier=1234567890)
            default_guild = {
                "blah": [],
                "baz": 1234567890
            }

            # self.config.register_guild(**default_guild)

            self.config.init_custom("CustomGuildGroup", 1)
            self.config.register_custom("CustomGuildGroup", **default_guild)

> In the above we registered the custom group named "CustomGuildGroup" to contain the same defaults

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the above, we registered the custom group named "CustomGuildGroup" to contain the same defaults
```

> that :code:`self.config.guild` normally would. First we initialized the group "CustomGuildGroup" to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
that :code:`self.config.guild` normally would. First, we initialized the group "CustomGuildGroup" to
```

accept one identifier by calling :py:meth:`Config.init_custom` with the argument :code:`1`. Then we used
:py:meth:`Config.register_custom` to register the default values.

.. important::

    :py:meth:`Config.init_custom` **must** be called prior to using a custom group.

> Now lets use this custom group:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now let's use this custom group:
```

.. code-block:: python

    @commands.command()
    async def setbaz(self, ctx, new_value):
        # await self.config.guild(ctx.guild).baz.set(new_value)

        await self.config.custom("CustomGuildGroup", ctx.guild.id).baz.set(new_value)
        await ctx.send("Value of baz has been changed!")

    @commands.command()
    async def checkbaz(self, ctx):
        # baz_val = await self.config.guild(ctx.guild).baz()

        baz_val = await self.config.custom("CustomGuildGroup", ctx.guild.id).baz()
        await ctx.send("The value of baz is {}".format("True" if baz_val else "False"))

Here we used :py:meth:`Config.custom` to access our custom group much like we would have used :py:meth:`Config.guild`.
Since it's a custom group, we need to use :code:`id` attribute of guild to get a unique identifier.

> Now lets show and example that uses multiple identifiers:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now let's see an example that uses multiple identifiers:
```
